-Pippilotti Rist's Ever is Over All '97 -> Beyonce's in Hold Up
-Critique and Sound (Description, Analysis...)


1. Jackie & Minami's presentation: you have a little chibi character or something, and can walk around to different rooms in the house. The different rooms have different music playing as well as diagetic sound. The sounds were sourced from home / memories. 
Comments: You could hear the rooms in the recordings

2. Michael, William, and Gerardo: Sound Vacation translates someone's experience which is the norm into something otherworldly... Recording of a dream? Dialog between machines? Mechanical Insects? Put them all together to create "Robot Paradise"; How do organic sounds sometimes sound like inorganic things? [How were you conceptualizing inorganic? otherworldly? retro sci-fi? What were you expecting before you began making the sounds?] Lots of retro-digital sounds (how did they source them?)  

N.b. Write a thorough, dense, & comprhensive  blog post about this whole project, installation, design, and the development of it

3. Jean-Jules, Yiyu/Julia, and Yuning/Raven: Supermarket Sound Vacation! Organic/Inorganic; how accurately you can actually reimagine moving through a supermarket space just on the sounds... woah, that's actually really cool. We use our ears so much to navigate the supermarket so often, just hearing those same sounds in a different setting can carry us through a space via imagination!

4. Ceren, Seungmin, & Valerie: Industrial, rhythmic, anxiety inducing, sounds like wrappers tearing, remix of the subway announcement, rapidly increasing pace of life, finding a rhythm, some kind of a comedown, then crickets, then silence, then an end... definitely felt like how it's felt adjusting to this city. Possible collaboration w/ Ceren: Creating a Lazer Tag Walkthrough such that as you walk through the space, you get anxiously jumpscared by emergent composition; the walls have proximity sensors embedded in them, so as you walk around other elements of the composition get mixed in.

5. Jua & Yuechen: Cinematically Harry Styles plays but the diagetic sound overpowers it, the tactility of the sound of headphones is physical. 

N.b. playful communications of serious research-- topics!; greg shikar for quantum !!!

6. Justina: Playing dominos but it's sonic! using transient microphones... think of scoring/writing a theater piece where their steps triggered samples or controlled parameters! What about resistive chess, where the board detects where each piece is, and each game the computer tracks what moves you make, and an optimal move algorithm controls the homophony/cacophony of the game! There's problems with this but it's a worthwhile idea as an educational tool for improving at chess and perhaps for learning openings/endgames. When we play mario, the "jumping" noise makes us want to jump more-- the sounds of a game signal the game to us, they dictate so much of our experience... what about doing that with a board game? for the theatrical lens, what about designing an improv stage where the actors would be responding to the stage as they move about it?

Group for next week: Michael & Jackie (Michael might be in Tel Aviv ?)
