The plan for today is: Half an hour with Danny Rozin, followed by an hour with Emilia.

Danny Rozin Meeting Plan:
1. Here's our Design
2. What's a good motor for this?
3. If we want to use, for example, 3 Light Dependent Resistors for each Trammel Arm, swinging over black or white dots on black tracks, how can we prepare for a consistent readout? We just need binary detection-- black or white dot-- but light levels might vary; do we need to create a rig for each LDS that emits a small light as it passes over each array point and shields the light to give consistent response? what's the most sustainable way to get this with an LDS without burning a bunch of labor hours in development and testing?

Plan for the work with Emilia:
1. On paper, start modelling the test prototype. 


Check In:

30 Minutes to Meeting with Danny Rozin and Drafting for Orrery
1 hour with Emilia revising design and prepping for first modelling sessions.


Notes from Meeting with Danny Rozin:
1. Hall effect sensors may work better than LDRs... perhaps, magnets get pushed up by tracker motion according to the control board, and the trammel arm has 3 Hall Effect Sensors hooked up to the read pin?
2. You will need a slip ring for the trammel arm sensors, else the wires will twist and break
3. Linear Actuators might be worthwhile... though, cams give us smooth transitions for the trammel pegs, as the motion must be sinusoidal linear motion
4. You'll want a Gear DC Motor (probably 10 RPM)... though, for variable RPM, maybe brushless? is that overkill?
5. You must think of the min/max rpm the user can play with... this will also vary the composition discs 
6. How will the cam system work? you have to model it!

Notes from Meeting with Emilia:
1. Fully revised design: No more Archimedes Trammel, instead a cleverly designed conic cam with variable shape for elliptical driving of the gear shaft, which will directly drive the motion of the sensor arm
2. 2 hall sensors in the sensor arm, for 4/4 and 6/8 time
3. 16 triggers for the 4/4 track, 12 triggers for the 6/8 track
4. Push/Pull stops design for toggling hall sensor actuators

Components List:
1. Full Base (10"x10")
2. Composition Disc (6" Diameter) + Push/Pull Stops
3. Cam/Sensor Assembly
4. Rotary Base for ease of use
5. Drive Train (Motor + Layered Gear Shafts)
6. Control Board (Can maybe integrate into the Full Base)

Next Steps:
1. Model Composition Discs + Push/Pull Stops
2. Model Platform
3. Brainstorm Cam Assembly
4. Check In
